what is good YouTube is your boy Shawn
combination with another move the data
whats up youtube you should boy Shawn
coming at you with another YouTube
tutorial today is going to be a good one
it's gonna be some it's gonna be one of
my moves not mom moves I got for
somebody else i got from another person
but that's how it starts and it's a
pretty sick move it's called the rewind
from what i know i mean there's
different names everywhere but it's
basically you see Robert Hoffman the
third do it and step up to where you
kind of like he's gonna push up position
and you just pushes himself right back
but enough talking let's get to work we
turn the volume over the way alright
basically with this move I'm wearing a
knee pad because that's how I like to
practice safe and look see all right and
facing i'm using all my ammo or right
knee and this is the move right boom i'm
on my feet I look smooth I look cool
whatever let's try that again
now let's break down the move I'm on my
right foot under my right knee and it's
on the ground and that's the one that's
going to bounce off the ground right and
you're probably asking how do you get
back there I'm going to tell you your
secret system you want to get in push-up
position like this getting your magnet
Eagle like this push up as hard as you
can boom and with your foot it's gonna
it's not just going to lift like this
your left leg is going to hook over your
head so the higher or farther is the
better it gives them the more you kick
it or you can have to kick it out boom
kick it back up and you're going to do
that at one time number one motion so
when you go on push up position this one
this the left leg should kick over your
head like that when you push and you
kick and this is the trip when you're
going back up arch your back boom arch
your back back and that's going to help
you go instead of just go up and there
right now you actually go push arch so
let's watch this in fast mode boom on
the way up I was like damn that's the
moon folks and let's see here so
basically I mean I i like to use in
footwork you know to me when I maybe
doing like a six step or coming around
and do this and push up or you could
just fall down you know boom push right
back up for the one with a six-step
spirit are you know you a little break
in the